Let's do it
Stay out of your dog
Dare to touch my river
Break up without showing your feet
Which one doesn't have eyes?
Hurry up my good deed
You are the second young master of the Lu family
He Yifan
I know you.
Ladies and gentlemen, come today
Are you here to talk to me about cooperation?
This place is too particular about your identities
Why don't we talk somewhere else?
Something invisible
How dare you bully the Lu family?
Help me call again
Lu Family
Lu Gongzi, are you mistaken?
This is my girlfriend.
But he cheated on me two days ago
I was just teaching him a lesson.
You tried to kill me for 1 million. Shut up
It's you who should shut up